hi I'm Madera
welcome to Madras recipe.com today we
will see how to prepare veg hot dogs hot
dogs is not something to be meant only
for non vegetarians vegetarians can have
this too and this yet another great
recipe is given to us by neeraja Nala
thank you so much neeraja for taking an
effort to share such a great recipe with
our viewers
so before we start let us take a look at
ingredients
and to get started first we need to
blend fill spices together just combine
everything together into blender and
grind to make very smooth paste first I
am going to add few cloves of garlic
also here I have chopped green chili
ends one small piece of ginger add in
some whole coriander seeds
this holds coriander seeds adds really
nice and different taste to this dish
then add red chili powder about just 1/2
teaspoon and after that add some lemon
juice we are adding lemon juice so that
we do not need to add any water to grind
at this everything together now just
cover this up and just blend this
together to make very smooth paste and
after we blend this all spices together
into a paste next thing what I have here
is medium sized boiled potato I have
boiled this into a pressure cooker build
and mashed it really well now in this
ball potato I am going to add this
ground masala paste this masala is
really very flavorful also here I have
some corn flour this con park is nice
binding to this hotdog outside in some
breadcrumbs some salt to test
and lots of chopped coriander leaves and
I'll just combine this everything
together really well and also you can
make addition of some chopped or a bowl
vegetable in this mixture now after we
mix this everything together really well
next we gotta form small oval-shaped
patties from this mixture and also at
the same time here a house cleared
heating up over a medium heat
you can make this as big as you want
and now this is ready just keep it aside
and now in the same way just make this
Paris from rest of the mixture and after
we make all our veg hot dog patties next
with on a shallow fry them for this here
our skillet is heating up over medium
heat and to that first I am going to add
just a teaspoon of oil now place one of
this patty and we need to shallow fry
this from all the sides till the time it
gets nice golden crust over it now once
in a while make sure to turn them so
that it would get cook really well from
all the sides you can see it is getting
light golden crust spatulas and it looks
done I will just take this out you can
see this is beautifully roasted from all
the sides
has got wonderful golden color experice
it has got a light crustal so now in the
same way I am going to shall apply rest
with the hot dogs and after we shall
apply our veg hot dogs
now next here I have got beautiful hot
dog buns
I have buttered them inside out now next
I am going to toast it lightly on the
same skillet so just place this buns you
can see how just butter it likely now
just toast it a little bit it is
optional if you don't like you can just
keep this and now I'm going to just flip
this over and just toast it from other
side Elsa
and once this one is beautifully toasted
just take this out and now the most
interested part of this recipe is to
assemble this veg hot dogs for this take
one of this toasted hot dog bun and grab
one of this a shallow fried veg hot dog
and put this right into middle of this
bun and now I'm going to add some wedges
here I have some chopped green pepper
just stack it on the sides of water so
that everything will stay inside this
hotdog also I have some chopped onion on
the other side and now top this off with
some yellow mustard
and next I have some tomato ketchup
Expedia isn't it and now this veg hot
dog is already see it looks fabulous you
can see all these toppings this sauce
and this combination of sauce Wow looks
just lovely believe it or not these are
our veg hot dogs and just love it now
when you eat it you're going to mess up
all yourself but it's okay sometimes
specially when you are having fun with
it sticks fabulous
it is just amazing thanks again needed
offered such a wonderful wonderful
recipe I hope you have enjoyed watching
today's session for this and more and
more and more exciting recipes please
visit Madras a super calm developing a
neo test see you soon bye bye
you